# skyrim-classic-re
My Skyrim Classic reverse-engineering in the form of a VS2015 Shared Items Project -- a way to hopefully avoid having to bundle separate copies of all of my findings with every mod I release. I'll be updating the existing repos to rely on this as I find the time.

There are two ways to use this. Probably the easiest would be to simply copy and paste the non-Visual Studio files from here into your repo. Frankly, having attempted to do things differently, that's the way I'd recommend.

What I tried doing, originally, was making this a "Shared Items Project" in Visual Studio 2015. If you go that route, then you'll need to add the shared items project to your solution; then, modify the References on your including project so that it actually pulls from the shared items project. Once a Reference is set up, the including project will behave as if the SIP files are in its project folder.

Unfortunately, there are some severe issues with Shared Items Projects. Mainly, this project contains multiple files that use the same name but are in different folders, and this breaks when using MSVC's default linker settings. The usual fix for that (setting the Object File path to *$(IntDir)/%(RelativeDir)/*) breaks specifically because this is a Shared Items Project; an invalid path gets constructed and the linker chokes on it. An alternative is to use *$(IntDir)/%(Directory)/* instead... which in turn puts you at risk of MSVC [choking on long file paths](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49603759/msb6003-the-specified-task-executable-cl-exe-could-not-be-run). If you want to use this as a shared items project, instead of just copying the files into each project you make that uses it, then the workaround for these two bugs is... [ugly](https://github.com/DavidJCobb/skyrim-classic-fixes/blame/fba686f955d0bc8ec08a443233e936e6ced99e1c/plugin/CobbBugFixes/CobbBugFixes.vcxproj). The solution is to embed .NET code into the (poorly-documented) MSBuild XML, in order to programmatically adjust \*.OBJ file paths on a per-\*.CPP-file basis immediately before a build takes place.

----

This project relies on some SKSE source files in order to function. Some class definitions are based on SKSE class definitions. I do not place any limits of my own on using the contents of this repo, but anyone seeking to use this code should be mindful and respectful of the SKSE team and their work.
